listen I've been seeing advertisements
for this movie everywhere I go I'm
pretty sure they've partnered with the
city of Chicago to release the Gator for
promo they were serving alligator at the
taste as if it wasn't a trap for Mama
Gator to come Friday the 13th yeah Aldi
had the merch hell I swear the
animatronic ones that the rainforests
were acting up a bit because this movie
had me at the edge of my seat paranoid
in Hollywood and everywhere that used to
say less is more less is more less is
more and it's something that I was
strongly disagreeing on this man was
really doing interviews and all cost
shirt yang slick see the beauty of this
movie is how simple it comes off while
at the same time being a total package
because this isn't just a disaster flick
it's a family drama it's a home invasion
movie where the perp just so happens to
be a giant lizard
let me explain so we know that every
year we always get a new one of these
right these disaster creature features
but I like how the director here handles
this one by making it a bit more
realistic more intimate because again
it's really about this father/daughter
relationship that's been struggling a
little different than last year's the
velociter what are you talking about
the time you turn into a dinosaur answer
we follow a swimmer named Haley who goes
to the University of Florida so she
knows a thing or two about Gators and
even more menacing is the creature she
spent her life growing up with her dad
he was a swim coach who always told her
to be an apex predator even when she was
losing by 1/100 of a second but because
she was so competitive and because her
dad was always with her at the meets you
noticed the subtext here with the mom
who left to Paris with her own prince
charming after the divorce and they both
kind of feel away about it because yeah
they may have their issues their
tensions right but at least they were
doing something together the mom was
such a third wheel she did even get a
line in the movie this huge storm hits
causing everyone to evacuate and since
Haley's dad isn't answering the phone
she goes back to her childhood home to
rescue him she checks the crawlspace and
find something else crawling in between
this thing this alligator is like Old
Bridge troll guarding the exit to escape
it's like that scene in the visit where
you had the grandma well here it's a
scaly er creature
it's the final boss attacking them like
Donkey Kong and honestly I saw this
alligator like Michael Myers right they
had the sound effects highlighting the
Gators scales as a clinked against the
pipes I was scared
they still haven't got the one in
Chicago so when I was watching this the
surround song had me thinking he had
bought a ticket and was coming in it's
honestly like mini Godzilla's that are
attacking them which interestingly
enough when you hear the director talk
about it he base the Gators in the movie
on real-life ones with the Maine Gator
influence or being this one literally
called Godzilla it's the video that lit
up the internet today in elliegator
nearly as long as an SUV sauntering from
one Marsh to another and stunning on
lookers nearby what in the Florida man
it's funny because while all of the
Gators are obviously CGI the director
still mentions how they made the effects
possible they had these mechanisms that
simulated tail splashes in the water
they had stuntmen in green tights suits
which might have been scary to see
roaming around in the water and well the
director is no stranger to creating
suspense I'd argue this is
I mean one of the first things that they
suggest to you in film school is to not
film your water animals or with kids
well he shop mostly in water if the
animals weren't pet swimming they were
eating the cast but I kid you not this
man was in plain do you know how
disgusting it must be to film in water
for 12 hours a day for eight weeks so
the point that Siri doesn't recognize
your fingertips on top of that they shot
this in Serbia meaning they recreated
Florida overseas brah we don't want to
recreate in Florida outside of Florida
but the longer these two remain trapped
the bigger the metaphor of the
relationship you know Rises so long with
the water that's trying to recoge her
again and she's reminding him that he
needs to let go then we realized that
there isn't just one alligator but two
Gators and then an entire colony of
Gators they're eating thieves they're
eating cops they weren't acting like it
was an Applebee's - for twenty
Maggiano's eating an officer for dinner
and then taking the second one home and
meanwhile these two are competing in a
wipeout challenge trying to get to the
roof to survive it's brutal
that's something I've come to expect
whenever I see Sam Raimi's name as a
producer even though he's like the
nicest guy we see it from tiny things
such as spiders that become obstacles
and they're very effective - the dad's
gashes they almost even had a version of
the script where the dog did die and
even had an alternative in case the dog
was too much trouble on set right that
was hilarious the director was told yo
like you cannot kill dogs in movies
anymore well the dog may get a secret a
dog's way way way back home Haley gets
bitten more times than Bethany Hamilton
yet somehow manages to pull off this
move
now I might have to call a flag on this
one right here you know it's a shot
incredible yes do I have to call the
technical on her right foot clearly
being punctured and this ledge not being
able to handle more than a bar of soap
yeah at the same time though there is a
scene where she's underwater for like
five minutes another scene where she
swims faster than Goku but the reason I
don't hold these as like conveniences
within the movie is because even after
all that hard work to escape the boat
they get and just gets chucked into the
house I was literally having anxiety the
way that these characters just weren't
getting anywhere there's a point where
everything seems hopeless that dad's arm
gets snapped in half leaving him looking
like Rick Grimes after seven seasons
Haley's getting spun underwater by a
gator but then she pulls this Creed move
as she remembers her competition with
her dad and is able to kill the Beast
now yeah the movie ends pretty abruptly
with them just staring at a helicopter
and while we did enjoy the movie
obviously we did wish it went a little
bit longer or a little bit deeper into
those themes dealing with the family
fact Elena had made a great point about
going even further with the idea of
letting go and using parts of the house
items that hold sentimental value for
them as the objects that end up saving
them as they're like discarding though
it goes great with the disaster aspect
where people loose things without a
chance to save them but more so for
their personal story of holding on to a
past that doesn't let them move forward
or at least even a shot of them looking
back at the house as they finally
embrace each other and are ready to move
oh thank you guys checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section like I
said I enjoy these types of movies where
they put their complete effort into
getting an experience out of you is it
as deep as you may want it to be
probably not is the action you know
sometimes like a girl had better lungs
than Michael Phelps after a hit at
points but I am curious to know where
this develops for those of you who are
as disappointed as I am with the 47
meters down sequel being called 40 Matt
being called 48 meters down then
hopefully the sequel that the director
says he's gonna be working with this one
can be something cool I hope you I mean
he did
on us right and now he's doing Gators I
don't he's gonna do the birds next or if
he's gonna continue something with
another crawling feature but I'm curious
I like that sam raimi has been working
with a lot of directors who the moment
he gives them the blessing they start
creating insane stuff so I'm very
excited to see what's up next for the
both of them I'm excited to see
spider-man 4 whenever that comes out and
I'm curious to know your guys thoughts
about this don't forget to comment like
and subscribe down below and I'll see
you later alligator